'\" -*- coding: us-ascii -*-
.if \n(.g .ds T< \\FC
.if \n(.g .ds T> \\F[\n[.fam]]
.de URL
\\$2 \(la\\$1\(ra\\$3
..
.if \n(.g .mso www.tmac
.TH managehosts 1 "1 February 2012" "" ""
.SH NAME
managehosts \- hosts file management utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
managehosts [option]...
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
managehosts takes care of managing your /etc/hosts file by taking care
of any necessary edits. It keeps track of entries it manages, so is
quite safe.

.SH OPTIONS
.B Generic Program Information
.
.TP 
\-h
Print usage info.
.TP 
\-v
Print the version number of managehosts.
.TP 
\-l
List managed hosts.

.TQ
.B Function Selection
.
.TP 
\-D
Delete specified managed host entry.
.TP 
\-P
Delete all existing managed hosts entries.

.TQ
.B Input Specification
.TP 
\-i IPADDRESS
The IP address to add or delete.
.TP 
\-d HOSTNAME
The hostname to add or delete.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Add a hosts entry:
.B
managehosts \-i 1.2.3.4 \-d upcomming-domain.com
.TP
Add another hosts entry:
.B
managehosts \-i 4.3.2.1 \-d another.domain.com
.TP
List currently managed entries:
.B
managehosts \-l
.br
1.2.3.4 upcomming-domain.com
.br
4.3.2.1 another.domain.com
.TP
Delete upcomming-domain.com hosts entry:
.B
managehosts \-D \-d upcomming-domain.com
.TP
Add one more hosts entry:
.B
managehosts \-d mysweetdomain.com \-i 1.1.1.1
.TP
Delete a hosts entry by IP address:
.B
managehosts \-D \-i 4.3.2.1
.TP
Purge all managed entries:
.B
managehosts \-P
.br
Purging all entries...
.br
 \- 1.1.1.1 mysweetdomain.com
.SH FILES
.I /etc/hosts

.SH AUTHOR
Adam Bolte <adam.bolte@sitepoint.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR hosts (5)
